Improve description of type parameter inference in generics (#5620)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/generics.md

val box: Box<Int> = Box<Int>(1)
```

> But if the class type parameters can be inferred by the constructor type parameters with the generic signature, for example, from the constructor arguments,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the compiler can infer the type arguments, for example, from the constructor arguments, you don’t need to specify them explicitly:
```

> you can omit the type arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
